=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Chris Weyl

=head1 NAME

MooseX::AbstractMethod - Declare methods requirements that must be satisfied

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.004 of MooseX::AbstractMethod - released August 31, 2012 as part of MooseX-AbstractMethod.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Moose;
    use MooseX::Abstract;

    requires 'bar';

    # synonm to 'requires'
    abstract 'foo';

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This extensions allows classes to flag certain methods as being required to be
implemented by a subclass, much as a L<Moose::Role> does with 'requires'.

=head1 USAGE

As in the synopsis, simply mark certain methods as being required by
subclasses by passing their names to "abstract" or "requires".  This will
cause a method of the same name to be installed in the class that will die
horribly if it's ever called.  Additionally, when a class is made immutable,
all of its methods are checked to see if they're marked as abstract; if any
abstract methods exists that were not created in the current class, we die
horribly.

Checking for method satisfaction on make_immutable isn't perfect, but AFAICT
it's the most reasonable approach possible at the moment.  (Corrections
welcome.)

=head1 NEW SUGAR

=head2 abstract

abstract() allows one to declare a method dependency that must be satisfied by a
subclass before it is invoked, and before the subclass is made immutable.

    abstract 'method_name_that_must_be_satisfied';

=head2 requires

requires() is a synonym for abstract() and works in the way you'd expect.

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/RsrchBoy/moosex-abstractmethod>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/RsrchBoy/moosex-abstractmethod.git>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/RsrchBoy/moosex-abstractmethod/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

